Update distributed_highavailability.mdx (#6924)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/edb-postgres-ai/hybrid-manager/overview/database_types/distributed_highavailability.mdx

description: Distributed high-availability clusters are powered by EDB Postgres Distributed and are designed to provide high availability across multiple data groups.
---

> Distributed high-availability clusters are powered by [EDB Postgres Distributed](https://enterprisedb.com/docs/pgd/latest/). They use multi-master logical replication to deliver more advanced cluster management compared to a physical replication-based system. Distributed high-availability clusters allows you deploy a cluster across multiple regions or a single region. For use cases where high availability across regions is a requirement, a cluster deployment with distributed high availability can provide up to two data groups in (2) distinct regions along with a witness group in a third separate region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Distributed high-availability clusters are powered by [EDB Postgres Distributed](https://enterprisedb.com/docs/pgd/latest/). They use multi-master logical replication to deliver more advanced cluster management than a physical replication-based system. Distributed high-availability clusters allow you to deploy a cluster across multiple regions or a single region. For use cases where high availability across regions is a requirement, a cluster deployment with distributed high availability can provide up to two data groups in (2) distinct regions, along with a witness group in a third separate region.
```
